Add documentation for different types of tests (#11131)
localstack/localstack: docs/testing/test-types/README.md

This differentiation also educates what we expect from the different types of tests.

## Unit tests

As the name suggests, these tests are performed on smaller units of logic to check if they're sound and perform the operations they claim to.
This small unit can most often be a kind of helper function inside of a larger procedure.
These tests should be able to complete their execution very quickly, so they never contain any interaction with some kind of infrastructure.
If you need some kind of waiting mechanism in your unit test, it is most likely that you are not writing a unit test.

## Acceptance tests

We use acceptance tests to gain a quick understanding of whether the recently pushed commit to `master` fulfils minimally viable quality criteria.
This means that these tests do not aim at maximum coverage but instead should test that the most important functionality works.
This in general is the entire serving infrastructure and the main features of the most used services.

As these tests are executed very often we need them to be as stable, fast and relevant as possible.

> We ensure this by the following criteria:

Reviewer: One thing we could still add: The test needs to be aws-validated.

Author: Depending on what kind of functionality we're going to test here it might be that we have some non-validated tests here as well. E.g., some value-add functionality. But I can add that criteria with that caveat as well.

Reviewer 2: You can just add that they either have to be AWS validated or LocalStack Only. We already enforce that all integration tests have to have a marker anyways, so this would basically mean that it must not be `unknown` or `needs fixing`, which is perfectly reasonable :D

- Should perfectly conform to all the testing rules laid out [here](../README.md)
- Does not contain wait times (e.g., for resources to spin up) averaging longer than 20 seconds
- Should be able to run in parallel. If tests need to run together (e.g., in a scenario), they need to be added to the same test class.

> - Displays some kind of real-world usage. This can be a scenario with multiple services. 

Reviewer: I wonder if we should mention cdk-based testing somewhere as well - I think currently we don't have any official documentation for cdk-based testing yet?

Author: I think @dominikschubert might be able to chime in where we could add such documentation best so that it can be referenced here as an option of how to construct such scenarios.

Reviewer 2: I think this could maybe be mentioned here as soon as there is some guidance / documentation around the CDK testing framework it self, but for as long as this isn't there, I would not mention that here right now...

> - Displays some kind of real-world usage. This can be a scenario with multiple services. 

Reviewer: I would move the `Displays some kind of real-world usage...` to the top of the list.
```suggestion
- Displays some kind of real-world usage. This can be a scenario with multiple services involved and tested. 
```

    - When composing these scenarios, the services should not overlap too much with already existing acceptance tests. We want to avoid redundancy

>     - Existing samples (from [our samples organization](https://github.com/localstack-samples)) can serve as a good starting point for constructing such a scenario

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason that we highlight the localstack-samples here? Because from our initial efforts on adding scenario tests, we found that most samples are too small and use to little different resources to make great acceptance tests.

Author: I think that even though they're quite small, they can still serve as some kind of starting point. Also, ideally we would also like to have samples with some kind of architectural complexity so I think the goals of acceptance tests and samples are kind of aligned here. 

However, I'll add a remark that further complexity might be needed for a sample to become an acceptance test.

Reviewer: I think @silv-io suggestion would be sufficient for now :) we also looked at official AWS samples, but here we also have the issue that AWS doesn't keep them up-to-date and they are not guaranteed to still work with AWS, so there might be a lot of additional work required to make them work. But they could at least be used as inspiration for use cases.

> - Should perfectly conform to all the testing rules laid out [here](../README.md)
> - Does not contain wait times (e.g., for resources to spin up) averaging longer than 20 seconds
> - Should be able to run in parallel. If tests need to run together (e.g., in a scenario), they need to be added to the same test class.
> - Displays some kind of real-world usage. This can be a scenario with multiple services. 
>     - When composing these scenarios, the services should not overlap too much with already existing acceptance tests. We want to avoid redundancy
>     - Existing samples (from [our samples organization](https://github.com/localstack-samples)) can serve as a good starting point for constructing such a scenario
> - The test should have a proven track record of being stable over a month of being in the regular integration test suite.
>     - Should an acceptance test turn flaky, it will be skipped until it is fixed ([as the rules already state](../README.md))

Reviewer 2: I added a few suggested changes to this section:
- I think the 20 seconds were a bit arbitrary, it's hard to define an exact number here. I would just state that they need to be fast.
- At the same time I think that the wording should be strict. For example, the acceptance tests should not be conform to the rules, but they have to.
- I don't think we should introduce a "graduation procedure" for acceptance tests (needs to be stable for x), but we will definitely be super-strict when it comes to skipping flaky ones.

```suggestion
- It is perfectly conform to all the testing rules laid out [here](../README.md)
- It does not contain long wait times (e.g., for resources to spin up). The acceptance tests need to be fast.
- It is fully parallelizable. If certain acceptance tests need to run together (e.g., in a scenario), they need to be added to the same test class.
- It shows some kind of real-world usage. This is usually a scenario with multiple services.
    - When composing these scenarios, the services should not overlap too much with already existing acceptance tests. We want to avoid redundancy where possible. At the same time we want to have our primary services and typical use-cases being covered.
    - Existing samples (from [our samples organization](https://github.com/localstack-samples)) can serve as a good starting point for constructing such a scenario.
- The test needs to be extremely stable.
    - Should an acceptance test turn flaky, it will be skipped until it is fixed ([as we already state in our testing rules](../README.md)).
```

Author: - I wanted to be very specific with the execution time. It being "very fast" or waiting times being "long" can mean something else for everyone. The 20 seconds was just a starting point for further discussion. However, we can also decide those things on a case-by-case basis.

- I agree, stricter wording is better here

- I had the concern that adding a lot of acceptance tests of which we don't know the long-term stability yet will defeat the purpose of having a stable set of acceptance tests to rely on. The track record of one month was, like the 20 seconds before, chosen as a starting point for discussion. However, if we accept that there might be some churn in the beginning of adding and skipping tests, we can also remove this requirement.

Reviewer 2: That's totally understandable, but I think we kind of have to decide the execution time requirements on a case-by-case basis because everything else would be a weird guess-game right now. We can distill some educated numbers once we have gained some experience with it.

Concerning the "graduation": I think we should move relatively fast with adding acceptance tests, but be rigorously strict in removing any tests that cause any kind of friction. 😄
